# Group Project 1- Using Api's
Group members- George, Saul, Maisha, Eddie
What we chose as our group project was to make a website using two APIs. One from a show ticket vendor smilar to Ticketmaster but the one we used was from SeatGeek. This one helped provide the shows and details.  The other API showing similar artist of selected artist. Another feature we added was a "Favorites" tab in the case you wanted to go back and revisit the concert information and even purchase tickets. We thought the practicality of this would be to give the user the opportunity to search in any city for upcoming concerts, lead them to purchase show tickets, and inform them of similar artist while doing so. We called this website Titan Tickets. Getting the concert api to load alongside the Materialize stylesheet the way we wanted it to and the concert api in general alone were both a challenge because the code had to be written in a very particular way to achieve the look we preffered and simply thought would look best.  It was thanks to George we were able to do this successfully as he handled the most important part. 

## The workload
We split the workload by filetype. Saul helped out with the html file, George the Javascript, Edson the css and Maisha influenced with both the html and css. The most difficult part was having to wait on eachother to finish x-code to use it to help create y-code. This is a good real world example of what writing code with a team of people can be experienced like. Patience, understanding, and teamwork are major key players.
